# Easefood
                                                                  Ease food-Let the Hunger Down  “End hunger, achieve food security, improved nutrition and promote sustainable agriculture.” That’s the goal of one of the SDG’S, established by the United Nations. And to accelerate the fulfillment of this goal, we have come up with a concern called “Ease food”.    In 2019, around 9% of the world population (690 million people) was food insecure. In 2020 it is estimated to have increased to 11%, because of increased poverty caused by the Corona crisis. On current trends, The State of Food Security and Nutrition in the World estimates that Sustainable Development Goal 2 (Zero Hunger by 2030) will be missed by a margin of nearly 660 million people. We couldn’t confirm Food for all yet in 2022.  It turns out that people who can afford to buy the least nutritious food are losing purchasing power due to rising commodity prices. In addition, people in Third World countries have not yet been able to ensure minimum nutritious food for those living below the poverty line or unable to provide minimum food.   Between 720 and 811 million people in the world faced hunger in 2020. Nearly one in three people in the world (2.37 billion) did not have access to adequate food in 2020.  We usually think that food problems are only manifested in people below the poverty line. But the real problem is the middle class, because of rising commodity prices, they are rapidly losing purchasing power and cannot be brought under direct financial or food aid.  In third world countries, commodity prices have risen due to manipulation and syndicates in the food supply chain. So here we introduce our Food Traffic Section. It will show the consumer where the food is being sold at a fair price or deliver the food directly from the producer to the consumer.  So, what about the people who are poor or unable to buy nutritious food? No worries. In our Hire in exchange for food section, Farmers will able to hire people from our database for their farming work and to deliver products to the consumer. And in return, poor people will be able to get nutritious food in exchange for work and in some cases even income.  Lastly, we will register to our database those who are unable to both work and purchase. Then deliver donations through NGO’s and various partner organizations like BRAC, UNICEF.  We want to meet Goal 2 of the Sustainable Development Goals by decentralizing the food supply chain and we want to ensure food for all by ensuring food at fair prices.  Ease Food is a solution which is dependent on people, focused on ensuring food in a fair price, able to keep people food secure in the long run. It is also scalable to include ML/AI in future. Basically, we want to move from an Aid-based food model to a work and people-based food supply model.  Here is a complete picture of how we work.  Ease food helps you to- bring the middle class under food security by ensuring foods at a fair price.  hire poor people by the farmers and ensure minimum food supply for them by a work for food model. bring disable people under aid and donations.  Here is a detail about our cost structure and revenue sources   These are our used tools throughout the hackathon.  Search. Partnership. Reducing Hunger.  Thank you for hosting this hackathon and thank you to our entire team who worked tirelessly over the weekend. We hope you enjoyed our presentation.We have the prototype of our Easefood app.After having an investment, we will instantly go for structural work of the app.
